# University Files
## DISCLAIMER
**ANY COURSEWORK OR PRIVATE FILES INCLUDED HERE ARE EXPIRED. I AM NOT SHARING ANY COURSEWORK FILES WHOSE DEADLINES ARE YET TO PASS**
## Overview
This repository is used to annotate and list all my University work.

## Related Repositories
Keep in mind, not all courses warranted full GitHub repositories or did not allow for publishing of coursework at all, and as such I either only have notes from these courses here, or no trace of them whatsover online.

### Year 2

Related Course Name| Repository | Description |
 --- | --- | --- 
 Informatics 2C - Computer Systems |**Private coursework (MIPS processor in C) - Code available on request**| Course syllabus: <br>* The binary representation and manipulation of atomic data.<br>* The structure of a typical instruction set.<br>* The environment in which a program executes, and the notion of processes and virtual memory.<br>* Combinational logic - how simple stateless building blocks such as adders, multiplexers and decoders can be constructed from logic<br>elements.<br>* Sequential logic - how components with state, such as latches,<br>registers, register files and memories can be constructed from logic elements.<br>* Processor structure - how a simple instruction set can be implemented using combinational and sequential logic components.<br>
 Informatics 2C - Introduction to Software Engineering |[Java Coursework](https://github.com/hwixley/Bike-Rental-System-CW3)| Course syllabus: <br>* Software engineering as a discipline: history, professionalism, ethics <br>* Software engineering activities: requirements capture; design; implementation; testing, debugging<br>and maintenance; software process management.<br>* Modelling in UML (use cases, class diagrams, sequence diagrams).<br>* Design principles and their influence on maintainability of software.<br>* Software configuration management.<br>* Verification, validation and testing.<br>* Software usability and HCI issues.<br>* Economic and social aspects of software ownership, patents and licensing.<br>* Software quality assurance.<br>
Informatics 2B - Learning | https://github.com/hwixley/Inf2B-Coursework2 | Course syllabus: <br>* Statistical pattern recognition and machine learning <br>* Multidimensional data <br>* Discrete data and naive Bayes <br>* Modelling and describing continuous data: nearest neighbours and clustering <br>* Gaussians and linear discriminants <br>* Single- and multi-layer networks <br> Implementing concepts in Matlab/Python as coursework <br>
Informatics 2D - Reasoning & Agents| https://github.com/hwixley/Inf2D-Coursework1 https://github.com/hwixley/Inf2D-Coursework2 | Course syllabus: <br>* Intelligent Agents <br>* Search based planning (A*, Depth/Breadth-first etc) with Haskell implementations <br>* FOL and Logical knowledge representations <br>* Acting in uncertain environments <br>
Introduction to Algorithms and Data Structures | https://github.com/hwixley/IADS-Coursework3 | Course syllabus: <br> * Asymptotic notation and algorithmic analysis <br>* Sequential data structures (lists, stacks, queues) <br>* Basic and more advanced sorting algorithms <br>* Tree data structures, heaps and priority queues <br>* Hashing and dictionaries <br>* Graphs and graph algorithms <br>* Dynamic programming <br>* The classes P and NP <br>* Implementations of certain algorithms from the course and formal proofs